adding contribution file (#7)
Mapepire-IBMi/mapepire-java: CONTRIBUTING.md

  - [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
  - [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
  - [Submitting Changes](#submitting-changes)
- [Development Workflow](#development-workflow)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Creating a Branch](#creating-a-branch)
  - [Making Changes](#making-changes)
  - [Committing Changes](#committing-changes)
  - [Submitting a Pull Request](#submitting-a-pull-request)
- [Style Guide](#style-guide)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Code of Conduct

By participating in this project, you agree to abide by our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please read it to understand the expectations for our community.

## How Can I Contribute?

### Reporting Bugs

If you find a bug, please report it by opening an issue on our [GitHub Issues page](https://github.com/your-username/mapepire-java/issues). Provide as much detail as possible, including steps to reproduce the issue, your environment, and any relevant logs.

Before you start working on a bug, please comment on the issue to let us know that you are working on it. This helps prevent duplicate efforts.

### Suggesting Enhancements

> We welcome new ideas! If you have a feature request or enhancement suggestion, please open an issue on our [GitHub Issues page](https://github.com/your-username/mapepire-java/issues) and describe the enhancement you'd like to see. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome new ideas! If you have a feature request or enhancement suggestion, please open an issue on our [GitHub Issues page](https://github.com/Mapepire-IBMi/mapepire-java/issues) and describe the enhancement you'd like to see. 
```

### Submitting Changes

If you would like to contribute code to the project, follow the steps below to get started.

## Development Workflow

### Getting Started

1. Fork the repository to your own GitHub account.
2. Clone your forked repository to your local machine:

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/mapepire-java.git
    cd mapepire-java
    ```

3. Install the necessary dependencies:

    ```sh
    ./gradlew build
    ```

### Creating a Branch

Create a new branch for your changes. Use a descriptive name for the branch to reflect the work being done.

## Making Changes
Make your changes to the codebase. Ensure that your changes adhere to our [style guide](#style-guide).

## Committing Changes
Commit your changes with a descriptive commit message. Follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) specification for your commit messages.

git add .

> git commit -m "feat: add new feature description"

Reviewer: This should be wrapped in a `sh` code block and should include the `-s` option to sign commits:

```sh
git add .
git commit -s -m "feat: add new feature description"
```
